Reserve Factor Updates - Polygon Aave v2 (#279)
bgd-labs/aave-proposals: src/AaveV2PolygonReserveFactorUpdate_20230828/UPDATE_RESERVE_FACTORS_POLYGON_V2.md

---
title: Reserve Factor Updates - Polygon Aave v2
author: TokenLogic
discussions: https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-reserve-factor-updates-polygon-aave-v2/13937/6
---

# Simple Summary

> This AIP is a continuation of [AIP 284](https://app.aave.com/governance/proposal/284/) and increases the Rserve Factor (RF) for assets on Polygon v2 by 5%, up to a maximum of 99.99%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This AIP is a continuation of [AIP 284](https://app.aave.com/governance/proposal/284/) and increases the Reserve Factor (RF) for assets on Polygon v2 by 5%, up to a maximum of 99.99%.
```

# Motivation

> This AIP increases will reduce deposit yield for assets on Polygon v2 by increasing the RF. With this upgrade being passed, users are further encouraged to migrate from Polygon v2 to v3.

Reviewer: This doesn't make sense

Reviewer: If possible, I recommend using a spellchecker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This AIP will reduce deposit yield for assets on Polygon v2 by increasing the RF. With this upgrade being passed, users will be further encouraged to migrate from Polygon v2 to v3.
```

> This AIP increases will reduce deposit yield for assets on Polygon v2 by increasing the RF. With this upgrade being passed, users are further encouraged to migrate from Polygon v2 to v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This AIP will reduce deposit yield for assets on Polygon v2 by increasing the RF. With this upgrade being passed, users will be further encouraged to migrate from Polygon v2 to v3.
```

Of the assets with an RF set at 99.99%, there is no change. All other assets reserves will have the RF increased by 5%.

The next AIP will be submitted during the first week of October.

# Specification

The following parameters are to be updated as follows:

|Asset|Reserve Factor|
|---|---|
|DAI|31.00%|
|USDC|33.00%|
|USDT|32.00%|
|wBTC|65.00%|
|wETH|55.00%|
|MATIC|51.00%|
|BAL|42.00%|

# Implementation

A list of relevant links like for this proposal:

* [Governance Forum Discussion](https://governance.aave.com/t/arfc-reserve-factor-updates-polygon-aave-v2/13937/6)

* [Test Cases](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals/tree/main/src/AaveV2PolygonReserveFactorUpdate_20230717/AaveV2PolygonReserveFactorUpdate_20230717.t.sol)

* [Payload Implementation](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals/tree/main/src/AaveV2PolygonReserveFactorUpdate_20230717/AaveV2PolygonReserveFactorUpdate_20230717.sol)

* [Pre-Post Payload Protocol Diff](https://github.com/bgd-labs/aave-proposals/tree/main/diffs/preTestPolygonReserveFactorUpdate20230828_postTestPolygonReserveFactorUpdate20230828.md)

> * [Deployed Contracts](TODO)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

would recommend to just not include this as it cannot be ensured form our side, that what is provided here matches the onchain creation.

Author: I find this url useful when I'm checking proposals on the frontend as it does not feature a link to the payload to be executed.

Reviewer 2: i see your point - on the other hand there is 0 guarantee that what you put here is correct.

The proposal Payload was reviewed by [Bored Ghost Developing](https://bgdlabs.com/).

# Disclaimer

> The author, TokenLogic, receives no payment from anyone, including Aave DAO, for this proposal.TokenLogic is a delegate within the Aave community. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The author, TokenLogic, receives no payment from anyone, including Aave DAO, for this proposal. TokenLogic is a delegate within the Aave community. 
```
